As of right now, we are able to add new TODO items to the internal state of
our store by dispatching the ADD TODO action type and passing along a TODO item.
But we also want to be able to remove TODO items as well as TOGGLE TODO items.
So, let's come up to our reducer function and add in that functionality.
So, if the action type is not ADD TODO,
what we can say is else if,
action dot type equals REMOVE TODO,
and then we can add one more in here saying else if action dot type equals TOGGLE TODO,
and then finally, we will just say
else return state which will allow us to get rid of this line right here.
So, now the question is how do we want to update
the state based on the REMOVE TODO action?
Well, what we'll do is we will use dot filter and we want to filter
out the TODO that has an id which does not equal the id on the action.
So, when we dispatch the REMOVE TODO action type we need to make sure that we pass along
an ID which represents the id of the action or
the id of the TODO item that we want to remove from our state.
And now, the last piece of functionality we want to add is for TOGGLE TODO.
And this one's a little bit tricky because what we want to do is we want
to update the complete property on the TODO item from false to true.
But remember, our TODO's reducer needs to be a pure function.
So, we can't just modify complete directly.
So, what we'll do is we can call state dot map.
So, we're going to map over each TODO item in our state,
and for each TODO item,
we will say if todo dot id equals,
does not equal action dot id then just return the todo item,
don't do anything with it.
But if it does equal action dot id,
then what we want to do is invoke object dot assign,
pass to it an empty object,
then pass to it what we want to merge into this empty object which is our TODO objects,
and then pass to it any updates we want to make to
this merged object which we will say complete.
We want to be the opposite of TODO dot complete.
So again, what's happening here is when the TOGGLE TODO action is dispatched,
we want to update the complete property on whatever id is passed along on the action.
So, we will map over all of our TODO items,
if the id matches the id on the action,
if the id on the TODO does not match the id on the action,
then we will just return that TODO we don't want to do anything with it.
But if it does,
then what we want to do is use object dot assign which is going to allow us
to create a new object and merge different properties onto that object.
So, we create this new object,
we merge all of the properties on TODO onto that object except
for complete which is just going to be the opposite of what complete currently is.
So, now what we've done is we've added the functionality for
dispatching REMOVE TODO action types, as well as,
TOGGLE TODO action types and our TODOs reducer is still
a pure function because we're not modifying any state inside of here,
instead, we're using concat filter map,
and a little bit of object dollar sign.
And you'll notice what happened here is when we added in our new action types,
our TODOs reducer got a little large
because we are handling now more than just one action type.
So, you don't have to do this but whenever I see an if statement like this,
I break it out into what's called a switch statement.
So, if you've used a switch statement before,
you're going to be more familiar with what this code is doing.
So, what we want to do is we will say switch on action dot type,
and then the first case just as we have down here is going to be ADD TODO,
and what we're going to do when
the ADD TODO action is dispatched is just return state dot concat.
The second case is going to be REMOVE TODO,
and again what we want to do when we remove to action
is dispatched is this line right here.
The third case is going to
be TOGGLE TODO and we will just copy this line right here,
and then now the default case is going to be this line right here.
So again, this is just a preference but I think it's a little bit cleaner.
So, what we've done is we've now replaced our if, else if, else if,
else, statement with this single switch statement.
And it's essentially doing the exact same thing.